src/site/notes/Health/Journal Of Sickness/Dry Throat December 2023.md, before:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/health/journal-of-sickness/dry-throat-december-2023/","tags":["timeline","sick"]}
---


I've had a dry throat the last few days, but in a more severe way than just dry. I feel the constant need to clear it, and the need for warm drinks to comfort it. It isn't as severe as a sore throat to where it's painful to talk or drink, but the constant need to clear it is annoying, and there's a sharp cut feeling at the bottom base of my tongue.


1. **Onset and Duration**: Since 12/16/2023 until today (3 days).
2. **Throat Sensation**: The sensation in my throat is scratchy. There's no redness in my throat.
3. **Associated Symptoms**: Besides the dry throat, I am experiencing a subtle need to cough or clear my throat (all day), as well as intermitted nasal congestion (in the mornings).
4. **Pain or Discomfort**: There is a sharp cut feeling at the bottom base of my tongue. Like a burning sensation. The discomfrot would be a 4/10.
5. **Changes in Voice**: My voice is higher is pitch, the tone is strained, tiring more easily. Speaking requires more effort than usual. Talking or swallowing does not cause pain.
6. **Environmental Factors**: On Saturday

Commit message:

Update content src/site/notes/Health/Journal Of Sickness/Dry Throat December 2023.md

src/site/notes/Health/Journal Of Sickness/Dry Throat December 2023.md, after:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/health/journal-of-sickness/dry-throat-december-2023/","tags":["timeline","sick"]}
---


I've had a dry throat the last few days, but in a more severe way than just dry. I feel the constant need to clear it, and the need for warm drinks to comfort it. It isn't as severe as a sore throat to where it's painful to talk or drink, but the constant need to clear it is annoying, and there's a sharp cut feeling at the bottom base of my tongue.


1. **Onset and Duration**: Since 12/16/2023 until today (3 days).
2. **Throat Sensation**: The sensation in my throat is scratchy. There's no redness in my throat.
3. **Associated Symptoms**: Besides the dry throat, I am experiencing a subtle need to cough or clear my throat (all day), as well as intermitted nasal congestion (in the mornings).
4. **Pain or Discomfort**: There is a sharp cut feeling at the bottom base of my tongue. Like a burning sensation. The discomfrot would be a 4/10.
5. **Changes in Voice**: My voice is higher is pitch, the tone is strained, tiring more easily. Speaking requires more effort than usual. Talking or swallowing does not cause pain.
6. **Environmental Factors**: It became cold recently. On Saturday I was 

# Dec 21, 2023, 12:23 PM

I'm finally feeling better. Today is also the day nbkc Bank removed the Escrow. Maybe stress was causing the health problems?
